0 A.D. Empires Ascendant HardwareReporter Terms

Document Date: 2018-08-08

TODO: The HardwareReporter is a service that does the following...
TODO: To achieve that, we save the UserID and data
TODO: To prevent cyberattacks, we save the IP for 1 month

Definitions:
 * The "UserID" is a random number generated by the client and stored in the user config.

We process the following user data:
 1. To protect against cyberattacks, we store the IP address. It will be erased after at most one month if there was no attack detected.
 2. To distinguish UserID: acts as your pseudonym among all users of the service. It is selected at random and is only associated with your IP in case of Abuse.
 3. To make the game run correctly on most systems, we determine the hardware of users, and to identify performance problems in the project, we store data about the following subjects:
    a. Game version number and basic build settings (optimization mode, CPU architecture, timestamp, compiler version).
    b. Hardware details: OS version, graphics driver version, OpenGL capabilities, screen size, CPU details, RAM size, Sound card.

We reserve the right to:
 1. Store IP addresses for up to one month for the purpose of preventing Abuse.
 2. Gather and publish anonymous statistics about the stored data, excluding the IP address and User ID, on http://feedback.wildfiregames.com/.
 3. Erase any data older than one month.

You understand that:
 * The IP address is the only information processed that could reliably identify your natural person.
 * The User ID is random thus doesn't allow us to identify you.
 * Unless your IP address is stored for a legal obligation such as Abuse, your user data will become anonymous if you stop using this service and the IP address is erased (after one month).

If you wish to file a personal data request in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation:
 * Please write an email to user-data@wildfiregames.com.
 * You will have to provide the User ID to select your data from the database and your IP address to prevent Abuse of data requests.
 * Note that statistics can be seen on http://feedback.wildfiregames.com/.
